Usage Console App (#4180)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/c8y-console-0-1-4-private-preview.md

---
date: 2026-02-04
title: Console application Private Preview release 
change_type:
  - value: change-pXAlHAWka
    label: Preview
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-Wq9N5xLcZ
    label: Console
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-b8TjK2mPz
    label: console
ticket: MTM-62393
version: 0.1.4
---

> The Console application enables customers on Commit-to-Consume (CTC) style of contract to view their actual usage and consumption of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Console application enables customers on the Commit-to-Consume (CTC) contract model to view their actual usage and consumption of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} components.
```

> For details, see [Console user guide](/console/introduction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see the [Console documentation](/console/introduction).
```
